Tenable.sc Asset & Vulnerability ingest (#44442)
demisto/content: Packs/Tenable_sc/Integrations/Tenable_sc/README.md

    * Create and view assets.
    * View policies, repositories, credentials, users and more system information.
    * View and real-time receiving of alerts.
    * Ingest host/asset data and vulnerability data into Cortex XSIAM.

## XSIAM Asset and Vulnerability Ingestion

This integration supports ingesting host/asset data and cumulative vulnerability data into Cortex XSIAM using the **fetch-assets** command.

### Assets

Host/asset data is fetched from the Tenable.sc `/hosts/search` API endpoint with pagination support. The data is sent to Cortex XSIAM as asset records.

### Vulnerabilities

After the asset fetch phase completes, cumulative vulnerability data is fetched via the `/analysis` API endpoint with pagination support (using `sourceType=cumulative`). Vulnerability data is sent to Cortex XSIAM with product `sc_vulnerabilities`.

### Configuration

> To configure asset and vulnerability ingestion set the **Assets fetch interval in minutes** parameter to control how often assets and vulnerabilities are fetched. The default is 720 minutes (12 hours) and the minimum allowed value is 1 hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure asset and vulnerability ingestion, set the **Assets fetch interval in minutes** parameter to control how often assets and vulnerabilities are fetched. The default is 720 minutes (12 hours), and the minimum allowed value is 60 minutes.
```

| Fetch incidents |  | False |
| Incident type |  | False |
| First fetch timestamp (&lt;number&gt; &lt;time unit&gt;, e.g., 12 hours, 7 days) | The timestamp to start the fetch from. | False |

> | Assets fetch interval in minutes | The interval in minutes between asset fetches. Default is 720 minutes. Minimum is 720 minutes. | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Assets fetch interval in minutes | The interval in minutes between asset fetches. Default is 720 minutes. Minimum is 60 minutes. | False |
```
